The purpose of a lock is to turn a door into a wall.
At age 30, you've spent a month having birthdays.
When you buy and eat half a chicken, you are secretly sharing a meal with a stranger.
'Coffee flavored water' doesn't sound good but that's what coffee is.
We were taught as kids to not get in strangers cars or meet strangers from the Internet, and now we literally summon strangers from the Internet and get in their cars. 
When you drink alcohol, you are just borrowing happiness from tomorrow.
Your car keys have travelled further than your car.
The object of golf is to play the least amount of golf. 
Fitbits are just like Tamagotchis, except the stupid little creature you have to keep alive is yourself. 
Technically almost every mirror you buy at a store is in used condition. 
Condoms are one of the most environmentally friendly things invented by man. A single one has the potential to eliminate the carbon emissions of an entire human over the course of their lifetime.
Tapes has "A" and "B" sides so it only made sense to transition to "CDs."
If you had $1 for every year the universe has existed (approximately 13.8 billion years), you wouldn't even make the top 50 on the Forbes list.
Punishment for honesty is what makes us lie.
Most of the sky is actually below your feet.
A telephone makes sound travel faster than the speed of sound.
When people think about traveling to the past, they worry about accidentally changing the present, but no one in the present really thinks they can radically change the future.
Randomly hearing your favorite song on the radio is more satisfying than playing it directly from your ipod.
"Go to bed, you'll feel better in the morning" is the human version of "Did you turn it off and turn it back on again?"
Maybe plants are really farming us, giving us oxygen until we eventually expire and turn into mulch which they can consume.
Theme parks can snap a crystal clear picture of you on a roller coaster at 70 mph, but bank cameras can't get a clear shot of a robber standing still.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
Lawyers hope you get sued, doctors hope you get sick, cops hope you're criminal, mechanics hope you have car trouble, but only a thief wishes prosperity for you.
As a kid my parents taught me to not believe everything I see on TV, now I have to teach them to not believe everything they see on Facebook.
The Olympics should have a 'For Fun' section at the end of all the games so all the athletes can try different sports.
Tall people are expected to use their reach to help shorter people, but if a tall person were to ask a short person to hand them something they dropped on the floor it'd be insulting.
What if Earth is like one of those uncontacted tribes in South America, like the whole Galaxy knows we're here but they've agreed not to contact us until we figure it out for ourselves.
If I get up 10 minutes earlier than usual, I treat it like 2 extra hours and end up late for work.
If someone offered to pay for my food and rent for the next 18 years, I'd do anything they ask of me. But I complained every time I took the trash out while living at my parent's house.
Aliens invaded the Moon on July 20th, 1969.
When you say 'Forward' or 'Back', your lips move in those directions.
Instead of colorizing photos, in 50 years we will be removing filters.
I've woken up over 10,000 times and I'm still not used to it.
Tobacco companies kill their best customers and condom companies kill their future customers.
When a company offers me a better price after I cancel their subscription, they're just admitting they were overcharging me.
Somewhere in the world, there is somebody with your dream job that hates going to work everyday.
Christmas feels more like a deadline than a holiday.
"DO NOT TOUCH" would probably be a really unsettling thing to read in braille.
After years of disliking the way i look, only now i realize I'm not ugly, I'm just not my type.
We talk about Ancient Romans like they were basically all the same, but the civilization lasted almost 1000 years. That's like saying people in 2016 and 1016 are basically the same.
Vehicles today can surf the web, link to your phone, stream music and videos, etc.. but they still can't perform a simple database lookup to tell you what the check engine light is on for.
People who are goodlooking but have terrible personalities are basically real life click baits.
Last night my friend asked to use a USB port to charge his cigarette, but I was using it to charge my book. The future is stupid.
When people think about travelling to the past, they worry about accidentally changing the present, but no one in the present really thinks they can radically change the future.
When you drink alcohol you are just borrowing happiness from tomorrow.
There should be a millenial edition of Monopoly where you just walk round the board paying rent, never able to buy anything.
When I bake bread, I give thousands of yest organisms false hope by feeding them sugar, before ruthlessly baking them to death in an oven and eating their corpses.
Gyms should have memberships where your fee goes down based on how often you go.
If the movie "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids" took place in Australia, those kids would have died real fucking quick.
My dog understand several human words. I don’t understand any dog barks. He may be smarter than me.
I recognize click bait almost every time, but still want to know what that child celebrity looks like today.
Nothing is on fire, fire is on things.
I mostly use my driver's license to buy stuff that impairs my ability to drive.
If Google matched people up by their browsing history, it could be the greatest online dating website of all time.
Someone who says "I'll be there in 6 minutes" will normally arrive before someone who says "I will be there in 5 minutes".
If aliens come to earth, we have to explain why we made dozens of movies in which we fight and kill them.
Every time a character dies on a TV show I just feel bad for the actor who pretty much just got fired in front of us.
At age 25 if a friend tells me they're pregnant I don't know whether to say "oh shit!" Or "congratulations!"
It's sad that having real ingredients in food products is a selling point.
A guy can decline an invitation by saying his girlfriend won't let him go and everyone will likely understand. But if a girl declines an invitation by saying her boyfriend won't let her go, people will likely get concerned.
UPS will leave a $900 video card on my porch without even knocking but I have to sign for a $10 pizza.
I don't know a single person who would want a thinner phone over a few hours of extra battery life.
Earth is like a guy who knows exactly where to stand next to a bonfire.
We stick kids in classrooms 7 hours a day, give them another few hours of homework, actively discourage them from playing outside, and then wonder why kids today are so out of shape.
The Swiss must have been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a wine bottle corkscrew on their army knife.
My 15 year old self would be appalled to hear how many times I've chosen sleep over sex.
Cemeteries would be way more interesting if they put the cause of death on the headstone.
April Fool's Day is the one day of the year when people critically evaluate news articles before accepting them as true.
History classes are only going to get longer and harder as time goes on.
Sleep should be rolled over. Like "Oh, you got 20 hours of sleep today? Cool man, you don't need sleep for the next three days."
Snapchat is ruining all the progress we made on getting people to take horizontal videos.
If cats had wings,they'd still just lay there.
1984-2000 seems a very long time compared to 2000-2016.
The fact that I can't recognize my co-workers outside of uniform 85% of the time, tells me superman knows exactly what he's doing.
When drone technology becomes cheap enough, hands-free umbrellas are gonna be the shit.
Taxes are like a subscription to your Country that you can't cancel, no matter how bad the service gets.
Some women want their outfit to be noticed. As a male, I would prefer nobody noticing it so I can still wear it the next day.
When Sweden is playing Denmark, it is SWE-DEN. The remaining letters, not used, is DEN-MARK.
Your dog doesn't know you can make mistakes. When you trip over him in the dark, he thinks you got up just to kick him in the head.
Car horns should only be allowed to be in pitches C, E, and G, so whenever two people honk at the same time it will be in harmony and traffic jams will sound like symphonies.
I'm glad dogs can't read the "no dogs allowed" signs so they don't feel sad and left out.
The person who would proof read Hitler's speeches was a grammar Nazi.
A ton of people is literally 12 to 15 people.
As a kid, 99.9% of the times I cried was due to physical pain. As an adult, 99.9% of the times I have cried was due to emotional pain.
If you had $1 for every year the universe has existed (approximately 13.8 billion years). You wouldn't even make the top 50 on the Forbes list.
Siri or Cortana should say "uhm..." "uh..." "hm..." instead of showing a buffering animation.
An "unlimited minutes per month" phone plan really only gives you 44,640 minutes per month at best.
Your stomach thinks that all potatoes are mashed.
Humans are really bad at recharging, it takes about 8 hours charge for 16 hours of use.
Big supermarkets should have baskets placed around the store for that moment when I realize I can't carry another thing and should have got a basket.
Websites should post their password requirements on their login pages so I can remember WTF I needed to do to my normal password to make it work on their site.
Tobacco companies should be leading in the search for a cancer cure. The day after a cure is found, sales of cigarettes are going to go up by 500,000% from the millions of us that quit for health / longevity reasons.
It annoys the piss out of me that all cars' turning signals tick at slightly different intervals.
I am 100% confident that if I ever hit a kid with my car, it will be because I'm staring at my speedometer in a school zone.
Scientists are adult kids stuck in the "why phase".
I never realize how explicit my music is until my parents hear it in the car.
Clapping is just hitting your hands together repeatedly because you like something.
When jogging, we put on special clothes so people don't think we are running from or to something.
In order to fall asleep, you have to pretend to be asleep.
It would be a good idea to have "The Price Is Right" with billionaires, just to see how out of touch they are.